hi I'm futon Chang founder of Chang
concrete and I'm here to talk about
concrete countertops when making
concrete countertops we often have to
polish out our pieces just like you'd
polish out granite or marble to get that
high polish or to expose aggregate and
in doing so we're going to produce
sediments we're using wet grinding
process mostly wet polishing and you'll
have sediments and you'll have affluence
and things that are essentially
polluting the water that you're using so
rather than just letting this water
runoff into the environment the
responsible thing to do is to set up a
filtration system and what we have here
is a moving mobile and very portable
water filtration table that you can
polish on as well so it is also
self-contained it is taking the water
and recycling it filtering out those
effluents and the sediments while you're
using it and polishing so let's take a
look at the particulars of this table
well it's made out of tube steel and it
can roll just like our pour tables it
has a rack where the countertop is
placed usually on some foam and these
high sides are removable you can pull
these up but these are act as a splash
guard essentially so that when the
polisher is spraying water out it's not
going to get you soaked and once the the
water is collected it goes into a
reservoir and through the reservoir it's
pumped into this
syndra fickle filter here it's a filter
chamber and it separates out the
effluents with centrifugal force and
part of it is shot into this container
and then refill turd out this can take
particles out to 10 microns which is of
pretty small
and it's that's the way this machine
keeps recycling taking out these
effluents and then you're using nice
clean water once you do that you can
responsibly take that water you can
evaporate it to get out the really fine
particles and then your being a very
responsible citizen and you're saving
and conserving water I always like to
say that good design is the most
important tool to execute a great
countertop but to execute that good
countertop you need to know what tools
you'll need and how to use them
this is futon check